<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<!--
	Phantom by HTML5 UP
	html5up.net | @ajlkn
	Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)
-->
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Michael's E-Portfolio</title>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, user-scalable=no" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/main.css" />
		<noscript><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/noscript.css" /></noscript>
	</head>
	<body class="is-preload">
		<!-- Wrapper -->
			<div id="wrapper">

				<!-- Header -->
					<header id="header">
						<div class="inner">

							<!-- Logo -->
								<a href="../../index.html" class="logo">
									<span class="symbol"><img src="../../images/michael_sticker.png" alt="" /></span><span class="title">Michael Sammueller</span>
								</a>

							<!-- Nav -->
								<nav>
									<ul>
										<li><a href="#menu">Menu</a></li>
									</ul>
								</nav>

						</div>
					</header>

				<!-- Menu -->
					<nav id="menu">
						<h2>Menu</h2>
						<ul>
				            <li><a href="sepm_unit1.html">Unit 1 - Introduction to Software Engineering Project Management</a></li>
				            <li><a href="sepm_unit2.html">Unit 2 - Study: Why Projects Fail and Gathering Requirements Exercise</a></li>
				            <li><a href="sepm_unit3.html">Unit 3 - Estimating, Planning and Risk</a></li>
				            <li><a href="sepm_unit4.html">Unit 4 - Estimating Tools and Risk Assessment</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit5.html">Unit 5 - User Experience</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 6 - pytest and Test-Driven Development</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 7 - Software Development Life Cycles</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 8 - Python Data Structures</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 9 - Quality Management Strategy</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 10 - Software Quality Monitoring in Python</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 11 - Software Engineering Project Management: Future Trends</a></li>
                            <li><a href="sepm_unit6.html">Unit 12 - The Case for the Future Direction of Software Engineering Project Management</a></li>
						</ul>
					</nav>

				<!-- Main -->
					<div id="main">
						<div class="inner">
							<h1>Meeting 3 Notes</h1>
                            <p>As mentioned on the home page for this module, the meeting notes were generated using Zoom's AI summary feature. Some of these notes have been altered for accuracy.</p>
							<h3>Project Planning and Deadline Strategy</h3>
                            <p>Haaris, Michael, Tarek, and Brad discussed their ongoing project, as well as planning the next steps. Tarek suggested they should review the methodology to ensure that the word count meets the assignment requirements. The team agreed to allocate time before the submission to look over the proposed changes, with Tarek proposing they could meet on the weekend or on the day before the deadline. Haaris suggested meeting times for Saturday and Sunday, with Tarek, Brad, and Michael agreeing to these plans.</p>
                            <h3>Progress update and document review</h3>
                            <p>Tarek summarized the team's progress, detailing that Michael, Brad, and himself had completed sections 1, 3, and 4. Brad focussed on the limitations and deviations section, while Michael was working on the Gherkin statements. Tarek also mentioned that he was working on the cost breakdown, selling plan, and deliverables for section 4. The team agreed to edit, add, or remove content as needed from the document, with the intention of submitting it to the portal.</p>
                            <h3>Hardware Risks and Limitations</h3>
                            <p>Haaris asked the team members to send any specific risks related to their sections. Tarekt pointed out that risks can be identified from each part of the project. Michael noted that the availability of required hardware could be a potential risk. Brad also asked for any notes on limitations related to hardware and workforce.</p>
                            <h3>Planning Monday Meeting and Availability Discussion</h3>
                            <p>Michael and Tarek confirmed their plans to meet next Monday. Tarek expressed their availability for additional meetings during non-work hours. They discussed the possibility of working on the cost-planning sheet together during their next meeting.</p>
                            <h3>Assigning Tasks to fifth team member</h3>
                            <p>Brad and Tarek discussed assigning tasks to Anna-Maria, if she were to participate in the meetings and team work. Tarek suggested that she could assist Brad with the presentation and perhaps with tasks related to limitations and deviations. They also talked about the possibility of Anna-Maria helping with the budgeting and logistics. Michael agreed with the suggestions and added that she could also work on the introduction and costs and quantities for resources. Tarek suggested that she could create an Excel sheet with all the costs and quantities to ensure that the total is within the budget.</p>
                            <h3>Software Requirements and Operating System Selection</h3>
                            <p>The team discussed the software requirements for their project, focusing on selecting operating systems and programming languages. Michael suggested createing a public and an EDC version with more comprehensive features. There was a debate about whether to develop an in-house operating system to reduce software costs, with Brad arguing in favour. Tarek expressed confusion about the existing software options, which include the hyperbasic operating system and the MCC and MCROM systems. The team agreed to provide the hyperbasic system to EDC and the basic system to the public, along with the MCC and MCROM options. There was uncertainty about the need for additional storage units that support these operating systems for the public system. Tarek and Michael discussed the need for additional storage for different operating systems, agreeing that if a desktop is purchased with the hyperbasic OS, additional storage would be needed for other OS's. They planned to add another storage unit for the MCC Kernel and the MCCROM, and a floppy disk for the hyperbasic OS.</p>
                            <h3>Design Costs and Appendix Discussion</h3>
                            <p>Michael and Tarek discussed the design costs per component in the software BOM. They agreed that the cost would be a one-time expense, used in the intiial design and then repeated in production. THey also discusssed the confusing nature of the appendix, noting that it lacked important information and used many abbreviations.</p>
                            <h3>Next Steps</h3>
                            <ul>
                                <li>Meet on Saturday or Sunday to review the document before submission</li>
                            </ul>
						</div>
					</div>

				<!-- Footer -->
					<footer id="footer">
						<div class="inner">
							<ul class="copyright">
								<li>&copy; Michael Sammueller. All rights reserved</li><li>Original Design by: <a href="http://html5up.net">HTML5 UP</a></li>
							</ul>
						</div>
					</footer>

			</div>

		<!-- Scripts -->
			<script src="../../assets/js/jquery.min.js"></script>
			<script src="../../assets/js/browser.min.js"></script>
			<script src="../../assets/js/breakpoints.min.js"></script>
			<script src="../../assets/js/util.js"></script>
			<script src="../../assets/js/main.js"></script>

	</body>
</html>
